Minor: fix outdated link (#11964)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/contributor-guide/howtos.md

Below is a checklist of what you need to do to add a new scalar function to DataFusion:

- Add the actual implementation of the function to a new module file within:

>   - [here](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/tree/main/datafusion/functions-nested) for array functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [here](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/tree/main/datafusion/functions-nested) for arrays, maps and structs functions
```

Author: Got it, thanks for the review.
